Stop
Mr. Yan, why are you here?
Is this how you treat newcomers with full payment?
Mr. Yan, this is just an ordinary training
Cut the crap and open the door
uncle
I didn't mean to.
Fortunately, Mr. Yan called for the training in time
Otherwise, hit again
You can't even save your own leg
Thank you, doctor.
separation
How can you be so honest?
If they tell you to hit, just hit
honest
I just don't want to give up
You child!
Exactly the same as when I was young
This Liu Hongtao used an iron chain to reverse the octagonal dragon
No one can get in if it's locked
He wants my life
Where are they now?
Lobby, cultural practice
Are you at home recovering from your injuries these days?
Senior sister
You still have the face to call me senior sister